content/blog/2019/08/2019-08-01-august-roundup.md, before:

I am trying something different with the blog,partly because of time comittments and so on, I have decided to write these as monthly journals covering everything from what I am doing professionally as a consultant and contractor to my photography outings, it will be easier that way plus I can make these posts a bit longer :-)

# Business updates
## Contracting at Clearbox

Still going strong, project approaching release and I love Vue JS

# This website and new Content
## Building content for the JamStack

- How I build this site using Visual Studio Code and no CMS tool [I will create a screencast for it](screencasts/how-i-edit-this-site)
- [This link doesn't exist](/screencasts/newfile)

# Food and Drink
## The Gin Club 

![Gin Club](/images/uploads/IMG_1214.jpg "Craft Gin Club")
![My photo taken for Twitter the other day of my Gin Club delivery]{}
@craftginclub (check tjhis is right)

Manly Spirits from Australia

some things made with it etc

# Travel
## Cambridge in September
## Forest of Dean & Wye Valley this Autumn
## Heading for South Africa in 2020

# Photography

## RHS Wisley
![Tina walking towards the entrance at Wisley](./wisley/images/IMG_1215.jpg)
The first weekend of August, a Sunday morning we arrived early for breakfast and we took a walk around the new entrance hall, food hall, shop, garden centre and of course the gardens themselves. [Read more about Wisley here...](blog/2019/08/wisley)

# Links of the month
[The Craft Gin Club](https://craftginclub.co.uk)

# Todo
- [ ] Fix the share to social media thing, add cover image which is used for the OG wotsit
- [ ] amazon links
- [ ] https://github.com/gridsome/gridsome/tree/master/packages/transformer-remark
  - [ ] https://github.com/remarkjs/remark/blob/master/doc/plugins.md#list-of-plugins
  - [ ] May need this one remark-relative-links
  - [ ] Evolving my process as a content creator, writer and dev

Commit message:

some new content and other updates

content/blog/2019/08/2019-08-01-august-roundup.md, after:

I am trying something different with the blog,partly because of time comittments and so on, I have decided to write these as monthly journals covering everything from what I am doing professionally as a consultant and contractor to my photography outings, it will be easier that way plus I can make these posts a bit longer :-)

# Tech
## Latest .NET stuff
/content/dotnet/mlnet whatever it is 
visual studio 2019 for Mac recently installed and shall be writing some notes about this in the future
VS Code gets better and better, a brilliant environment for developing this website with and other projects I am working on, including Clearbox.
## Latest Vue stuff
# Business updates
## Contracting at Clearbox

Still going strong, project approaching release and I love Vue JS

## Tina has a new job
TODO

# This website and new Content
## Building content for the JamStack

- How I build this site using Visual Studio Code and no CMS tool [I will create a screencast for it](screencasts/how-i-edit-this-site)
- [This link doesn't exist](/screencasts/newfile)

# Food and Drink
## The Gin Club 

![Gin Club](/images/uploads/IMG_1214.jpg "Craft Gin Club")
![My photo taken for Twitter the other day of my Gin Club delivery]{}
@craftginclub (check tjhis is right)

Manly Spirits from Australia

some things made with it etc

# Travel
## Cambridge in September
## Forest of Dean & Wye Valley this Autumn
## Heading for South Africa in 2020

# Photography

## RHS Wisley
![Tina walking towards the entrance at Wisley](./wisley/images/IMG_1215.jpg)
The first weekend of August, a Sunday morning we arrived early for breakfast and we took a walk around the new entrance hall, food hall, shop, garden centre and of course the gardens themselves. [Read more about Wisley here...](blog/2019/08/wisley)

## Otherwise fairly quiet
TODO

# Links of the month
[The Craft Gin Club](https://craftginclub.co.uk)

# Todo
- [ ] Fix the share to social media thing, add cover image which is used for the OG wotsit
- [ ] amazon links
- [ ] https://github.com/gridsome/gridsome/tree/master/packages/transformer-remark
  - [ ] https://github.com/remarkjs/remark/blob/master/doc/plugins.md#list-of-plugins
  - [ ] May need this one remark-relative-links
  - [ ] Evolving my process as a content creator, writer and dev
